README.md, before:

# Apocalypse

An agent-based simulation of an apocalypse

## Usage

You can run this project - with ***gradlew run***

or if you want to specify numbers

***gradlew run --args [numberOfAllies] [numberOfEnemies] [mapHeight] [mapWidth]***

If you pass an invalid argument application will parse a standard number(in this care it's 5).

numberOfAllies + numberOfEnemies must be <= mapHeight * mapWidth

As it is how many spaces there are on board.

## Demonstration

The apocalypse creates a map with specified numbers of humans, infected<br> and size of the map.<br>
Characters move around the map and fight each other until one of the nation is extinct.<br>
This picture represents last few steps of the application.<br>
Letter H represents Human, Letter I represents Infected<br>and * represents that there are characters of both nations<br>on the same tile fighting each other.

![github-small](images/Demonstration1.png)

In this case as we you can see Humans won with two survivors.<br>
After each step the application displays the state of every living creature.<br>
The state consists of players ID, damage, health and Position starting at (0,0)<br>
But there is one more interesting thing we didn't point at...

# Conclusions
Simulation's variety comes not only from many random aspects,<br>
but also from the fact that AttackDamage of Characters of nation - Infected<br>increases by 1 every turn.<br>
**This means that the bigger the map is the better chance of winning Infected have.**  
Displayed example was created with arguments "5 5 5 5".<br>
This resulted in Humans victory, but it depends on many random factors.<br>
The moment we try a bigger map such as "5 5 20 20", Infected are most likely to win.  
You can see the documentation in APOCALYPSE PROJECT.pdf or look up java docs.

Commit message:

Last update to Readme, JAVA JDK 14

README.md, after:

# Apocalypse

An agent-based simulation of an apocalypse

## Usage
Java Version is specified to JDK 14!  
(WIN) Download it and set an environmental variable JAVA_HOME and PATH.

Now you can run this project with - ***gradlew run***

or if you want to specify numbers

***gradlew run --args [numberOfAllies] [numberOfEnemies] [mapHeight] [mapWidth]***

If you pass an invalid argument application will parse a standard number(in this care it's 5).

numberOfAllies + numberOfEnemies must be <= mapHeight * mapWidth

As it is how many spaces there are on board.

## Demonstration

The apocalypse creates a map with specified numbers of humans, infected<br> and size of the map.<br>
Characters move around the map and fight each other until one of the nation is extinct.<br>
This picture represents last few steps of the application.<br>
Letter H represents Human, Letter I represents Infected<br>and * represents that there are characters of both nations<br>on the same tile fighting each other.

![github-small](images/Demonstration1.png)

In this case as we you can see Humans won with two survivors.<br>
After each step the application displays the state of every living creature.<br>
The state consists of players ID, damage, health and Position starting at (0,0)<br>
But there is one more interesting thing we didn't point at...

# Conclusions
Simulation's variety comes not only from many random aspects,<br>
but also from the fact that AttackDamage of Characters of nation - Infected<br>increases by 1 every turn.<br>
**This means that the bigger the map is the better chance of winning Infected have.**  
Displayed example was created with arguments "5 5 5 5".<br>
This resulted in Humans victory, but it depends on many random factors.<br>
The moment we try a bigger map such as "5 5 20 20", Infected are most likely to win.  
You can see the documentation in APOCALYPSE PROJECT.pdf or look up java docs.
